Welcome back delightful God.
People in this video.
Let's make the gooey actually work.
This lovely interface.
Let's update it.
When the bunny loses a life.
So what do we need to do.
Well we need to create an update gooey function.
Then we need to display the current number of lives to the player in an update the gooey whenever bunnies.
Let's get to it.
Here we are.
And I'm going to go to camera and into ghillie and I'm just going to create a new function within the
Ghostscript So the function is going to be called update.
What do we want to do.
Well we want to update the text in life count.
That's our life count right.
That's what we're updating.
So let's.
Let's grab it by going.
Life counts.
Dot text equals.
What does it equal.
There's a couple of ways we could do this.
We could go global dots game States dot lives.
That's the lives variable here.
I really don't like doing that.
You want to avoid turning individual variables into global variables unless they really want to be.
Yes you can call things globally like this but that's not why we designed this global script.
So instead let's just call lives.
I'm going to call lies as an argument into the script.
Now the lives is going to come from this variable but this variable is an integer and text needs a string
so let's cast it as a string.
So using C S T R and brackets I can turn this value into a string and display it.
So now let's create this function here.
So I function as above.
Hurt feels like it should be one of the first that's happened and I'm going to create another function
called Update gooey and this one is with in game state.
It's the same name.
It's a different function.
Now I would do the challenge a little bit early this time.
I would like you to connect the update gooey I've just made to the gooey in the gooey script.
In other words when update gooey is calling game state g d it should trigger update gyuri in the gooey
script.
Pause the video give it a shot and when you come back I'll show you my solution.
Like Mack.
So let's go global dots go sort of date.
GO.
THERE IT IS.
And we've got a past lives into it because that's what it's expecting right.
It wants those lives.
Okay.
That should be enough but let's make sure we actually cause functions so update.
And that should be it.
That should be all we need to do.
So when we start again.
We have three lives.
Look at that now.
What we haven't done is connect hurt to it so let's do that real quick.
Let's head down to hurt and we will go update gooey and now press play.
We'll start with the cranium of lives and will lose life.
Every time we take damage and if we have less than zero.
The game's up.
Awesome.
Now there is one thing I would quite like to change.
There is whereas it in the Gooly there is this thing here there's no gap between the zero and the bunny.
And I would quite like to put one here but it's automatically being centred.
I'd like to thank Derek also known as Clay Aiken in our discord for this solution.
We can put something here and this twoness Alpha is transparency or it's a passage rather all the way
down.
And that create a separate force so let's do that.
Let's bring in a copy of the life Bunny.
I mean duplicate the book come back.
My duplicate that and remove it right here to scan at the set is going to work as a separator.
And then what am I to do.
We'll rename it to separator which may be spelt wrong.
I'm not entirely sure.
Oh no.
Good out of visibility an inspector modulate just like we did with colour.
But this someone modulate the alpha.
There we go and put expand on so I can actually scale it.
Minimum size will be 32.
Yeah.
Looks pretty good.
Let's see how that works out.
And then we look at that beautiful separation and it just looks seamless.
Which brings us to the end of the video.
In this video nice the symbol We've been connecting the lives to the gooley.
We'll update them every time the close her and we've done with very little code.
So excellent work and I'll see you in the next video.